hey guys I'm not sure how to get any
games for free including the one in the
video title so first thing guys to do is
just head over to project antics calm
and once you're here you guys will see
steam Unchained which is just a program
with like a couple thousand games on it
so then you guys are just pressed direct
download and wait five seconds and then
press skip ad in the right-hand corner
right up here so skip ad and then the
download will start so you got your
closed ad fly and wait for it to
download know what the sign you guys
just double click on it to open it up
press run wait it to load up all right
minimize that alright so then you guys
would just search for any game you guys
are looking for or well everything is in
alphabetical order so you guys could
just look for it like that or just
search for it now for demonstrational
purposes I'm just gonna download a small
game and show you how to install it and
stuff because my internet slow and I
don't want to make this video like 50
minutes long so like the escapists
alright so once you guys find the game
you guys are looking for just click on
it and then make sure it's highlighted
and then select if you guys want the
standalone version or the steam version
the standalone version can run without
steam or anything so it's just like
having the game the steam version needs
steam to run but then you guys can get
like extra badges and stuff on Steam and
whatnot now I usually do the standalone
version but if you guys do want to do
the steam version you guys are gonna
have to connect your account but I would
just suggest going with a standalone
version and then press install so once
you guys have your game selected you
guys have your settings selected and
press install and the download will
start press run and wait for it to
download
all right so once it's done for us to
run again and then wait for it to start
up here it takes a bit of time all right
so then this will come up right here and
it's just gonna extract the game - ever
you guys want it to extract it - so you
guys that press browse select you guys
this game folder or wherever you guys
want to install it so like into you guys
his games folder or whatever now I'm
just gonna install it onto my desktop
just to show you guys something but it
doesn't matter where you guys install
the game it's gonna create a shortcut on
you guys as a desktop anyway then you
guys to press ok once you find where you
want to install it then press extract
and wait for it to extract once it's
done it's gonna create this shortcut to
you guys's game and then it's gonna
create the game folder which is just
gonna have everything in here so you
guys if you guys had any mods or
anything like that you guys would be
able to find the game folder and mod it
or whatever so then you guys could just
launch the game from the exe on you guys
a desktop the little shortcut icon type
thing and the game will start up now
it's gonna start up in full-screen mode
so I don't know if you guys could see
right now so I'm just gonna turn on to
windowed there we go so that's pretty
much it guys this program has a ton of
games on it like I think over a couple
thousand I don't know
so yeah whatever title the video is
there's the game on here for it if you
guys have any problems then you guys can
use the contact form on the site and get
help
or you guys can watch the video that has
a little bit more detail right here and
that should help you guys with any
problems if you guys like this video
please leave a like subscribe for more
videos and stuff like that comment if
you guys have a problem and I'll help
you guys out yeah I'm planning to do a
bunch of cool gaming video so stay tuned
for that peace
you